README.md, before:

# DevZero Microervice Example
## Running the services (API, backend, database)
```
`docker-compose build && docker-compose up`

# the server will start after the DB is up + running
$ docker ps
CONTAINER ID   IMAGE                         COMMAND                  CREATED          STATUS                    PORTS                               NAMES
e207881b1113   microservice-example_api      "/app/api"               19 seconds ago   Up 19 seconds (healthy)   0.0.0.0:8333->8333/tcp              microservice-example_api_1
44871e520c2c   microservice-example_server   "./server"               19 seconds ago   Up 19 seconds             0.0.0.0:9090->9090/tcp              microservice-example_server_1
a93d72fb09b5   mysql                         "docker-entrypoint.s…"   48 seconds ago   Up 47 seconds (healthy)   0.0.0.0:3306->3306/tcp, 33060/tcp   db
5173f6d53321   adminer                       "entrypoint.sh docke…"   48 seconds ago   Up 47 seconds             0.0.0.0:8080->8080/tcp              microservice-example_adminer_1
```

## Making requests to the API service
### Getting all menu items
```
curl 'api-service:8333/menu-items'
```
### Creating an order
```
curl -X POST 'api-service:8333/orders' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-D '{"orderItems": [
    {
        "menuItemID": 1,
        "quantity": 1
    },
    {
        "menuItemID": 4,
        "quantity": 2
    }
], "customerName": "Sharon"}'
```


## Local setup + running the backend service (without Docker)
- requires golang + mysql to be installed locally
```
cd backend
make serve
```

## automatically fetch all menu items, create an order
```
# new window
make run
```

## manually calling the service
```
# install grpcurl
brew install grpcurl

# fetch a list of all menu items
grpcurl -plaintext 127.0.0.1:9090 v1.OrderService.ReadAllMenuItems

# create a new order
grpcurl -d '{"orderItems": {"menuItemID": 6, "quantity": 2}}' -plaintext 127.0.0.1:9090 v1.OrderService.CreateOrder
```

## TODO:
[X] dockerize the service
[X] dockerize the DB
[X] add a "theme" / use case
[X] launch from config
[ ] general cleanup

Commit message:

Add web client (#11)
* first commit

* move stuff to where it is supposed to be

* ONE.MORE.TRY."

* trying to get yarn to work

* fixes more formatting changes

* adds stubbed data and basic components

* adds grid layout

* layout menu item cards

* DEV-513: support CORS (#8)

* Add makefile for docker-compose helper

* Allow :3000

* Add to api config

Co-authored-by: tyler.a.ackerson@gmail.com <>

* trying the http client

* updates the README

* first commit

* move stuff to where it is supposed to be

* ONE.MORE.TRY."

* trying to get yarn to work

* fixes more formatting changes

* adds stubbed data and basic components

* adds grid layout

* layout menu item cards

* trying the http client

* updates the README

* move over to npm

* adds effect for fetching data

* add cart items component

* wip

* WIP...

* Remove serv-side CORS stuff

* Use relative API path in web client

* add basic cart functionality

* increment and decrement cart

* fix up types

* change count to quantity errywhere

* add cartform

* add a semicolon

* clear cart

* clean up removeyarn stuff

Co-authored-by: jason.gonzales23@gmail.com <>
Co-authored-by: tyler ackerson <tyler.a.ackerson@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# DevZero Microervice Example

## Running the services (API, backend, database)

```
`docker-compose build && docker-compose up`

# the server will start after the DB is up + running
$ docker ps
CONTAINER ID   IMAGE                         COMMAND                  CREATED          STATUS                    PORTS                               NAMES
e207881b1113   microservice-example_api      "/app/api"               19 seconds ago   Up 19 seconds (healthy)   0.0.0.0:8333->8333/tcp              microservice-example_api_1
44871e520c2c   microservice-example_server   "./server"               19 seconds ago   Up 19 seconds             0.0.0.0:9090->9090/tcp              microservice-example_server_1
a93d72fb09b5   mysql                         "docker-entrypoint.s…"   48 seconds ago   Up 47 seconds (healthy)   0.0.0.0:3306->3306/tcp, 33060/tcp   db
5173f6d53321   adminer                       "entrypoint.sh docke…"   48 seconds ago   Up 47 seconds             0.0.0.0:8080->8080/tcp              microservice-example_adminer_1
```

## Making requests to the API service

### Getting all menu items

```
curl 'api-service:8333/menu-items'
```

### Creating an order

```
curl -X POST 'api-service:8333/orders' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-D '{"orderItems": [
    {
        "menuItemID": 1,
        "quantity": 1
    },
    {
        "menuItemID": 4,
        "quantity": 2
    }
], "customerName": "Sharon"}'
```

## Local setup + running the backend service (without Docker)

- requires golang + mysql to be installed locally

```
cd backend
make serve
```

## automatically fetch all menu items, create an order

```
# new window
make run
```

## manually calling the service

```
# install grpcurl
brew install grpcurl

# fetch a list of all menu items
grpcurl -plaintext 127.0.0.1:9090 v1.OrderService.ReadAllMenuItems

# create a new order
grpcurl -d '{"orderItems": {"menuItemID": 6, "quantity": 2}}' -plaintext 127.0.0.1:9090 v1.OrderService.CreateOrder
```

## Front End Stuff

Check out the README in the web-client!

## TODO:

[X] dockerize the service
[X] dockerize the DB
[X] add a "theme" / use case
[X] launch from config
[ ] general cleanup
